.TH JSONBOT 1 "7 Nov 2010" "Debian GNU/Linux" "jsb manual"
.SH NAME
.B jsb-fleet \- The JSONBOT fleet program
.SH SYNOPSIS
JSONBOT is a remote event-driven framework for building bots that talk JSON
to each other over XMPP. 
.B jsb-fleet 
is the program where you can combine IRC bots and XMPP bots into one
program. 
.B 
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.P
When you want to forward IRC to other bots you need an XMPP bot to let it
communicate with these bots. The
.B jsb-fleet
progam lets you combine IRC bots and XMPP bots to forward events to other
bots with a XMPP component running. Communication to GAE bots is also done
through XMPP.

.PP
.SH USAGE
.P
First run your bots with
.B jsb-irc
and
.B jsb-xmpp
, make sure they work. After
this you can run them all by starting 
.B jsb-fleet.
.P
.B Usage: jsb-fleet [options] [list of bot names]

Options:
  --version             show program's version number and exit
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  -a, --all             show available fleet bots
  -d DATADIR, --datadir=DATADIR
                        datadir of the bot
  -l LOGLEVEL, --loglevel=LOGLEVEL
                        loglevel of the bot
  -o OWNER, --owner=OWNER
                        owner of the bot
  -r PATH               resume the bot from the folder specified

.SH "DOCUMENTATION"
See http://jsonbot.org or http://jsonbot.appspot.com/docs for more documentation

.SH "SEE ALSO"
jsb(1), jsb-irc(1), jsb-xmpp(1), jsb-stop(1), jsb-udp(1)


.SH "SEE ALSO"
The program is documented fully on http://jsonbot.appspot.com/docs
.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was written by Bart Thate <bthate@gmail.com>,
for the Debian GNU/Linux system (but may be used by others).
